# Responsive GitHub Pages App\n\nThis repository contains a simple, fully responsive web application designed to be easily deployed on GitHub Pages. It showcases a basic setup using HTML, Tailwind CSS for styling, and vanilla JavaScript for a dark mode toggle feature.\n\n## Features\n\n*   **Fully Responsive:** Adapts seamlessly to various screen sizes (desktop, tablet, mobile).\n*   **Dark Mode Toggle:** Users can switch between light and dark themes, with the preference saved locally.\n*   **Tailwind CSS:** Modern utility-first CSS framework for rapid and consistent styling.\n*   **GitHub Pages Ready:** Structured for straightforward deployment.\n\n## Technologies Used\n\n*   **HTML5:** For the page structure and content.\n*   **Tailwind CSS:** For all styling and responsive design.\n*   **JavaScript:** For interactive elements (dark mode logic).\n\n## Deployment to GitHub Pages\n\nFollow these steps to deploy this application to GitHub Pages:\n\n1.  **Create a New GitHub Repository:**\n    *   Go to [GitHub](https://github.com/new) and create a new public repository (e.g., `my-responsive-app`).\n\n2.  **Clone the Repository (or download files):**\n    *   If you cloned: `git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPOSITORY_NAME.git`\n    *   Navigate into your new repository directory: `cd YOUR_REPOSITORY_NAME`\n\n3.  **Add Project Files:**\n    *   Place `index.html`, `README.md`, and `LICENSE` directly into the root of your repository.\n\n4.  **Commit and Push:**\n    *   `git add .`\n    *   `git commit -m "Initial commit: Responsive GitHub Pages app"`\n    *   `git push origin main` (or `master`, depending on your default branch name)\n\n5.  **Enable GitHub Pages:**\n    *   On GitHub, navigate to your repository.\n    *   Click on **Settings** (usually near the top right).\n    *   In the left sidebar, click on **Pages**.\n    *   Under "Build and deployment", for "Source", select **Deploy from a branch**.\n    *   For "Branch", select `main` (or `master`) and choose the `/ (root)` folder.\n    *   Click **Save**.\n\nYour site will typically be live within a few minutes at `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io/YOUR_REPOSITORY_NAME/`.\n\n## Local Development\n\nTo run this project locally:\n\n1.  Clone the repository.\n2.  Open `index.html` directly in your web browser. No build steps or server are required as everything is self-contained.\n\n## License\n\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.\n